README.md, before:

# Cocktail App

A modern cocktail recipe application built with React, Vite, and daisyUI.

## Features

- Search cocktails from an external API
- View detailed cocktail recipes with ingredients and instructions
- Add custom cocktails
- Responsive design
- Toast notifications
- Unsaved changes warnings
- Image preview modal
- Dark/light theme support

## Tech Stack

- React + TypeScript
- Vite
- TailwindCSS
- daisyUI for UI components
- React Query for data fetching
- React Router for navigation

## Getting Started

```bash
# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Run development server
pnpm dev

# Build for production
pnpm build
```

## UI Components

The app uses daisyUI components for all UI elements:

- `card` - For cocktail cards and content containers
- `btn` - For buttons and actions
- `input` - For text inputs
- `textarea` - For multiline text input
- `form-control` - For form elements
- `modal` - For dialogs and image preview
- `alert` - For notifications and errors
- `navbar` - For navigation
- `loading` - For loading states
- `toast` - For toast notifications

Commit message:

add DEFAULT_COCKTAIL_IMAGE constant; enhance cocktail data structure with tags, category, glass type, alcoholic designation, and last modified timestamp; update README with detailed cocktail features

README.md, after:

# Cocktail App

A modern cocktail recipe application built with React, Vite, and daisyUI.

## Features

- Search cocktails from an external API
- View detailed cocktail recipes with ingredients and instructions
- Add custom cocktails with rich details:
  - Ingredients with amounts and units
  - Comprehensive instructions
  - Image upload
  - Tags for easy categorization
  - Alcoholic/Non-alcoholic designation
  - Category selection
  - Glass type specification
  - Last modified timestamp
- Advanced filtering capabilities:
  - Filter by alcoholic content
  - Filter by category
  - Filter by glass type
  - Filter by tags
- Responsive design
- Toast notifications
- Unsaved changes warnings
- Image preview modal
- Dark/light theme support

## Tech Stack

- React + TypeScript
- Vite
- TailwindCSS
- daisyUI for UI components
- React Query for data fetching
- React Router for navigation

## Getting Started

```bash
# Install dependencies
pnpm install

# Run development server
pnpm dev

# Build for production
pnpm build
```

## UI Components

The app uses daisyUI components for all UI elements:

- `card` - For cocktail cards and content containers
- `btn` - For buttons and actions
- `input` - For text inputs
- `textarea` - For multiline text input
- `form-control` - For form elements
- `modal` - For dialogs and image preview
- `alert` - For notifications and errors
- `navbar` - For navigation
- `loading` - For loading states
- `toast` - For toast notifications
